Update README (#99)
sensiolabs/GotenbergBundle: README.md

## How to install

Install the bundle using composer :

```bash
composer require sensiolabs/gotenberg-bundle
```

### With Symfony Flex

If you accept the Symfony Flex recipe during installation, the bundle is registered, the configuration
skeleton file is created, the .env file is updated with `GOTENBERG_DSN` and dockerfile is also created

> to get a gotenberg image, you need to configure the ports related to `GOTENBERG_DSN` in your .env file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to get the [gotenberg image](https://hub.docker.com/r/gotenberg/gotenberg), you need to configure the ports related to `GOTENBERG_DSN` in your .env file. 
```

> to get a gotenberg image, you need to configure the ports related to `GOTENBERG_DSN` in your .env file. 

Reviewer 2: The host could be updated too since it's `localhost` by default. If your script is ran in a container, the host will the `gotenberg`.

We could also mention that the DSN can be set using an environment variable.
